Add info about the default service name (#300)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/iis-instrumentation.md

by setting the `Environment` registry key for W3SVC and WAS services
located in the `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services` folder.

> For ASP.NET applications (ie.: those IIS applications running on the .NET Framework) the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ASP.NET applications, for example IIS applications running on the .NET Framework, the
```

> default service name is `ServiceName[\VirtualPath]`.

Reviewer 2: Is it `ServiceName[\VirtualPath]` or `ServiceName[/VirtualPath]` ?

Author: The second, will fix it before merging.

For ASP.NET Core applications the default service name is the entry assembly name, typically
the name of your .NET Core project.

> If the defaults above don't fit well with your usage or naming conventions configure `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME` as described in [advanced-config.md](advanced-config.md#configuration-methods).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the defaults don't fit well with your usage or naming conventions configure `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME` as described in [advanced-config.md](advanced-config.md#configuration-methods).
```
